README.md, before:

# Overview

Thank you for taking the time to take our test. You will be using this starter app, along with our API, to create a full stack application that will allow users to read, update, create and delete pets.

In case you are interested, our API uses the popular Pet Store data set as its source for data.

- This exercise is intended to be an example of a real world problem. Please use any and all resources at your disposal including, but not limited to, the internet, friends/colleagues, etc.

- You will be expected to demonstrate coding skills in alignment with industry best practices. Please focus on what you would consider "the right way" to write / design an application.

- Do not hesitate to ask questions. We are available via devtest@eimprovement.com

- Upon completion, you will be expected to present your application, via a pull request, to the eImprovement team. Be prepared to explain the thought process behind your code. Additionally, we would be interested in understanding any improvements that you might suggest.

- There are no tricks or "gotchas" in this code sample. If you are having problems connecting or see anything else strange, please don't hesitate to reach out to us.

# API Setup

1. Signup for access to our API here: https://dev-test.portal.azure-api.net/signup/
2. You should receive an account confirmation email. Click the link in that email.
3. Once you have confirmed your account, use this link to subscribe to the Petstore API: https://dev-test.portal.azure-api.net/products/unlimited
4. You can see your API key here: https://dev-test.portal.azure-api.net/developer

# The Test

We need you to build an application

1. Use the "Find Pets by status" endpoint to display a list of pets to the user
2. Use the "Update an existing pet" endpoint to allow users to flag pets as being sold in the component you built in step 1.
3. Use the "Add a new pet to the store" endpoint to allow users to create new pets.
4. Use the "Deletes a pet" endpoint to allows users to delete pets

# Resources

1. Use the developer portal to learn about our endpoints.

- https://dev-test.portal.azure-api.net/docs/services/petstore/

2. You are welcome to use any resources that are available to you.
3. You can email us any questions at devtest@eimprovement.com

Commit message:

make additional improvements to docuementation

README.md, after:

# Overview

Thank you for taking the time to take our test. You will be using this starter app, along with our API, to create a full stack application that will allow users to read, update, create and delete pets.

In case you are interested, our API uses the popular Pet Store data set as its source for data.

- This exercise is intended to be an example of a real world problem. Please use any and all resources at your disposal including, but not limited to, the internet, friends/colleagues, etc.

- You will be expected to demonstrate coding skills in alignment with industry best practices. Please focus on what you would consider "the right way" to write / design an application.

- Do not hesitate to ask questions. We are available via **devtest@eimprovement.com**

- Upon completion, you will be expected to present your application, via a pull request, to the eImprovement team. Be prepared to explain the thought process behind your code. Additionally, we would be interested in understanding any improvements that you might suggest.

- There are no tricks or "gotchas" in this code sample. If you are having problems connecting or see anything else strange, please don't hesitate to reach out to us.

# API Access

1. Signup for access to our API here: https://dev-test.portal.azure-api.net/signup/
2. You should receive an account confirmation email. Click the link in that email.
3. Once you have confirmed your account, use this link to subscribe to the Petstore API: https://dev-test.portal.azure-api.net/products/unlimited

# Resources

- See your developer API Key. You will need this to access our API. https://dev-test.portal.azure-api.net/developer
- API documentation: https://dev-test.portal.azure-api.net/docs/services/petstore/
- Use the Petstore swagger documentation as a reference to find additional information about the API - https://petstore.swagger.io/

# The Test

These are the mimimum requirements for completing the test, however, this is your opportunity to show off your technical and creative skills, so feel free to elaborate -- wow us!

**Reminder: Remember to use the resources list above as needed.**

1. Pull down the repository from GitHub
2. Create a branch for your work
3. Publish your branch
4. Use the "Find Pets by **status**" endpoint to display a list of **available** pets to the user
5. Use the "Update an existing pet" endpoint to allow users to flag pets as being **sold** in the component you built in step 4.
6. Use the "Add a new pet to the store" endpoint to allow users to create new pets.
7. Use the "Deletes a pet" endpoint to allows users to delete pets
8. Create a pull request
9. Send us an email at **devtest@eimprovement.com** and let us know you are ready for a code review
